Program:

1. Are the files easy to locate? That is, does the directory have a logical name? Are individual files given names according to the exercise?

Yeah, it is easy to locate. There are only two files in the directory that have logical names.

2. Is the program easy to read? More specifically,
-Are variables given self-explanatory names or names in accordance of the mathematical description?

Yes, but there are however some unnecessary variables, e.g. u and u_, or why is there both u_k and u_1. 

-Are there enough comments in the code?

Yes, but what is the docstring at the top? I guess this was not supposed to be here, beacause it is not the problem in this assignment. Some docstring could be added under function "picard", 
so it is easier to understand the input variables. 

-Is the code well formatted (use of whitespace etc.)?

In most of the places it is well-formatted.

-Is the code well organized in terms of functions or classes? (Also consider overuse of functions and classes in simpler problems!)

There is a function for the solver and each task, which is ok.

5. Does the program answer the various points in the exercise?

Task d: there should be a test for both 1D, 2D, and 3D.

Task e: ok.
Task f: ok, but some error could be also printed, e.g. max error or L2-norm.

6. Does the program work?
Yes.

7. Are there any (automatic) verifications of the code?
Yes, there is some verification in task d.

8. Are you able to run the code?
Yes.


For a report:

1. Is the report easy to locate?

Yes.

2. Is the report well formatted (title, author, sections, paragraphs, right spacings, low amount of typos, nice layout, introduction, conclusions, etc.)?

Yes to all.

3. Is the text logic and easy to follow? Is there sufficient explanation of what is done?

The text is logic and easy to follow, but some decription of what was done could be added to Part 1.4. and 1.5. 

4. Are the results correct?

Yes, but remember that alpha is a function of u. This part is missing in some of your equations. There is only alpha, instead of alpha(u). 
There are probably more sources of numerical errors than those you mentioned, aren't there?

5. Are there any verifications of the results?
No?
